README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  A collection of awesome, motivating resources for CTO's and entrepreneurs with a focus on tech.
  <br><br>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://makeapullrequest.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square" alt="PRs Welcome">
  </a>
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square" alt="License MIT">
  </a>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.com/soerenmartius/awesome-cto">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/travis/soerenmartius/awesome-motivation/master.svg?style=flat-square&label=build&logo=travis" alt="Build Status">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/soerenmartius/awesome-cto/tree/master">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Branch-master-green.svg?longCache=true"
      alt="Branch">
  </a>
</p>

<div align="center">
  <sub>Created by</sub>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/soerenmartius/">soren martius</a> and
  <a href="https://github.com/soerenmartius/awesome-cto/graphs/contributors">
      contributors
  </a>
</div>

## Introduction

This repository was created with the intention of sharing motivating and helpful resources for tech-entrepreneurs.

## Table of Contents

### General
1. [The different CTO Roles](https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2007/07/the_different_cto_roles.html) Werner Vogels (Amazon CTO)
1. [How my role as CTO has changed as we've grown to 100 engineers](https://engineering.gusto.com/how-my-role-as-cto-has-changed-as-weve-grown-to-100-engineers/)
1. [#define CTO](https://blog.gregbrockman.com/figuring-out-the-cto-role-at-stripe) Figuring out the CTO Role at Stripe

### Companies Visions and Missions
1. [Owner's Manual - Berkshire Hathaway Inc.](http://www.berkshirehathaway.com/ownman.pdf)
1. [“An Owner’s Manual” for Google’s Shareholders](https://abc.xyz/investor/founders-letters/2004/ipo-letter.html)

### Books
1. [Start With Why (Simon Sinek)](https://www.amazon.com/Start-Why-Leaders-Inspire-Everyone/dp/1591846447) is a good book to read if you’re struggling with a mission statement, or searching for a purpose.  
1. [Mindset: The New Psychology of Success (Carol S. Dweck)](https://www.amazon.com/Mindset-Updated-Changing-Fulfil-Potential/dp/147213995X) If you’re interested in learning about different mindsets or understanding your own a little better, then this is a nice choice. 
1. [The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks and Win Your Inner Creative Battles (Steven Pressfield)](https://www.amazon.com/War-Art-Through-Creative-Battles/dp/1936891026) A succinct, engaging, and practical guide for succeeding in any creative sphere, The War of Art is nothing less than Sun-Tzu for the soul.
1. [High Output Management](https://www.amazon.com/High-Output-Management-Andrew-Grove/dp/0679762884) In this legendary business book and Silicon Valley staple, the former chairman and CEO (and employee number three) of Intel shares his perspective on how to build and run a company.
1. [The Score Takes Care of Itself: My Philosophy of Leadership](https://www.amazon.com/Score-Takes-Care-Itself-Philosophy/dp/1591843472) Bill Walsh is a towering figure in the history of the NFL. His advanced leadership transformed the San Francisco 49ers from the worst franchise in sports to a legendary dynasty. In the process, he changed the way football is played.
1. [Mindset: The New Psychology of Success](https://www.amazon.com/Mindset-Psychology-Carol-S-Dweck/dp/0345472322) After decades of research, world-renowned Stanford University psychologist Carol S. Dweck, Ph.D., discovered a simple but groundbreaking idea: the power of mindset. In this brilliant book, she shows how success in school, work, sports, the arts, and almost every area of human endeavor can be dramatically influenced by how we think about our talents and abilities. 

### Learning
1. [Codewars is an educational community for computer programming. On the platform, software developers train on programming challenges known as Kata](https://www.codewars.com) Codewars is an educational community for computer programming. On the platform, software developers train on programming challenges known as Kata.
1. [algoexpert.io](https://www.algoexpert.io/) Become an Algorithms Expert. 77 video explanations of popular interview questions with solutions in JavaScript, Python, C++, Java, and Go.
1. [rhyme.com](https://rhyme.com/) Do hands-on machine learning and data heavy projects from your browser using pre-configured Windows or Linux cloud desktops.

### Dashboards
1. [Gitlab's Meltano](https://meltano.com/) Free data dashboards for startup founders. Open source software to visualize business operations data.

### Data
1. [Koalas: pandas API on Apache Spark](https://github.com/databricks/koalas) The Koalas project makes data scientists more productive when interacting with big data, by implementing the pandas DataFrame API on top of Apache Spark.

### General Programming Concepts
1. [Magic lies here - Statically vs Dynamically Typed Languages](https://android.jlelse.eu/magic-lies-here-statically-typed-vs-dynamically-typed-languages-d151c7f95e2b) A very good Overview of Statically vs Dynamically Typed Languages

### Elixir, Erlang and OTP
1. [The Zen of Erlang](https://ferd.ca/the-zen-of-erlang.html) A handful of good facts about Erlang and OTP.

### Monitoring & Logging
1. [Streamalert](https://github.com/airbnb/streamalert) StreamAlert is a serverless, realtime data analysis framework which empowers you to ingest, analyze, and alert on data from any environment, using datasources and alerting logic you define.

### Distributed Systems
1. [Distributed Systems in One Lesson by Tim Berglund](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6Ev8GIlbxc&t=1049s) Using a series of examples all set in a coffee shop, we’ll explore topics like distributed storage, computation, timing, messaging, and consensus. You'll leave with a good grasp of each of these problems, and a solid understanding of the ecosystem of open-source tools in the space.

Commit message:

add The Guerrilla Guide to Interviewing

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  A collection of awesome, motivating resources for CTO's and entrepreneurs with a focus on tech.
  <br><br>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="http://makeapullrequest.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square" alt="PRs Welcome">
  </a>
  <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square" alt="License MIT">
  </a>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.com/soerenmartius/awesome-cto">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/travis/soerenmartius/awesome-motivation/master.svg?style=flat-square&label=build&logo=travis" alt="Build Status">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/soerenmartius/awesome-cto/tree/master">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Branch-master-green.svg?longCache=true"
      alt="Branch">
  </a>
</p>

<div align="center">
  <sub>Created by</sub>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/soerenmartius/">soren martius</a> and
  <a href="https://github.com/soerenmartius/awesome-cto/graphs/contributors">
      contributors
  </a>
</div>

## Introduction

This repository was created with the intention of sharing motivating and helpful resources for tech-entrepreneurs.

## Table of Contents

### General
1. [The different CTO Roles](https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2007/07/the_different_cto_roles.html) Werner Vogels (Amazon CTO)
1. [How my role as CTO has changed as we've grown to 100 engineers](https://engineering.gusto.com/how-my-role-as-cto-has-changed-as-weve-grown-to-100-engineers/)
1. [#define CTO](https://blog.gregbrockman.com/figuring-out-the-cto-role-at-stripe) Figuring out the CTO Role at Stripe

### Hiring
1. [The Guerrilla Guide to Interviewing](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2006/10/25/the-guerrilla-guide-to-interviewing-version-30/) by Joel Spolsky (StackOverflow co-founder)

### Companies Visions and Missions
1. [Owner's Manual - Berkshire Hathaway Inc.](http://www.berkshirehathaway.com/ownman.pdf)
1. [“An Owner’s Manual” for Google’s Shareholders](https://abc.xyz/investor/founders-letters/2004/ipo-letter.html)

### Books
1. [Start With Why (Simon Sinek)](https://www.amazon.com/Start-Why-Leaders-Inspire-Everyone/dp/1591846447) is a good book to read if you’re struggling with a mission statement, or searching for a purpose.  
1. [Mindset: The New Psychology of Success (Carol S. Dweck)](https://www.amazon.com/Mindset-Updated-Changing-Fulfil-Potential/dp/147213995X) If you’re interested in learning about different mindsets or understanding your own a little better, then this is a nice choice. 
1. [The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks and Win Your Inner Creative Battles (Steven Pressfield)](https://www.amazon.com/War-Art-Through-Creative-Battles/dp/1936891026) A succinct, engaging, and practical guide for succeeding in any creative sphere, The War of Art is nothing less than Sun-Tzu for the soul.
1. [High Output Management](https://www.amazon.com/High-Output-Management-Andrew-Grove/dp/0679762884) In this legendary business book and Silicon Valley staple, the former chairman and CEO (and employee number three) of Intel shares his perspective on how to build and run a company.
1. [The Score Takes Care of Itself: My Philosophy of Leadership](https://www.amazon.com/Score-Takes-Care-Itself-Philosophy/dp/1591843472) Bill Walsh is a towering figure in the history of the NFL. His advanced leadership transformed the San Francisco 49ers from the worst franchise in sports to a legendary dynasty. In the process, he changed the way football is played.
1. [Mindset: The New Psychology of Success](https://www.amazon.com/Mindset-Psychology-Carol-S-Dweck/dp/0345472322) After decades of research, world-renowned Stanford University psychologist Carol S. Dweck, Ph.D., discovered a simple but groundbreaking idea: the power of mindset. In this brilliant book, she shows how success in school, work, sports, the arts, and almost every area of human endeavor can be dramatically influenced by how we think about our talents and abilities. 

### Learning
1. [Codewars is an educational community for computer programming. On the platform, software developers train on programming challenges known as Kata](https://www.codewars.com) Codewars is an educational community for computer programming. On the platform, software developers train on programming challenges known as Kata.
1. [algoexpert.io](https://www.algoexpert.io/) Become an Algorithms Expert. 77 video explanations of popular interview questions with solutions in JavaScript, Python, C++, Java, and Go.
1. [rhyme.com](https://rhyme.com/) Do hands-on machine learning and data heavy projects from your browser using pre-configured Windows or Linux cloud desktops.

### Dashboards
1. [Gitlab's Meltano](https://meltano.com/) Free data dashboards for startup founders. Open source software to visualize business operations data.

### Data
1. [Koalas: pandas API on Apache Spark](https://github.com/databricks/koalas) The Koalas project makes data scientists more productive when interacting with big data, by implementing the pandas DataFrame API on top of Apache Spark.

### General Programming Concepts
1. [Magic lies here - Statically vs Dynamically Typed Languages](https://android.jlelse.eu/magic-lies-here-statically-typed-vs-dynamically-typed-languages-d151c7f95e2b) A very good Overview of Statically vs Dynamically Typed Languages

### Elixir, Erlang and OTP
1. [The Zen of Erlang](https://ferd.ca/the-zen-of-erlang.html) A handful of good facts about Erlang and OTP.

### Monitoring & Logging
1. [Streamalert](https://github.com/airbnb/streamalert) StreamAlert is a serverless, realtime data analysis framework which empowers you to ingest, analyze, and alert on data from any environment, using datasources and alerting logic you define.

### Distributed Systems
1. [Distributed Systems in One Lesson by Tim Berglund](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6Ev8GIlbxc&t=1049s) Using a series of examples all set in a coffee shop, we’ll explore topics like distributed storage, computation, timing, messaging, and consensus. You'll leave with a good grasp of each of these problems, and a solid understanding of the ecosystem of open-source tools in the space.
